Templates: update documentation (#3766)
kyma-project/test-infra: development/tools/cmd/rendertemplates/README.md

            - "default"
            - "presubmit"
```

> Component job defined in **jobConfig** can be used to generate multiple job definitions for a single component. It is defined by having a `path` value, and by not having a `name` value. This type of config holds two additional lists of configSets named **preConfigs** and **postConfigs**, that holds a list of global ConfigSets used for presubmit and postsubmit jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Component job defined in **jobConfig** can be used to generate multiple job definitions for a single component. It is defined by having a `path` value, and by not having a `name` value. This type of config holds two additional lists of configSets named **preConfigs** and **postConfigs**, which hold a list of global ConfigSets used for presubmit and postsubmit jobs.
```
